Print type or UNKNOWN alongside query arguments in INFO log (#1444)
osohq/oso: docs/content/any/project/changelogs/NEXT.md

  before upgrading.
{{% /callout %}}

> 

Reviewer: Missing a `#####` heading here — peep the one below for an example (`##### Second parameter...`)

Author: updated w/ heading

> * Previously we supported `POLAR_LOG=trace` and `POLAR_LOG=1` which enabled verbose "TRACE"-level logging of the execution of queries and their constituent goals within the Polar VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously we supported `POLAR_LOG=trace` and `POLAR_LOG=on`, both of which enabled slightly different but verbose "TRACE"-level logging of the execution of queries and their constituent goals within the Polar VM.
```

* `POLAR_LOG=on` was slightly less verbose than `POLAR_LOG=trace` but still produced a voluminous output which made it hard to parse and follow the execution of a particular query.

> * To enable easier query debugging we have broken out `POLAR_LOG` into new discrete `INFO` and `TRACE` levels. Specifying `POLAR_LOG=info` will cause Polar to emit a more concise log output intended to be consumed by developers as they build and debug their Polar policies. The more verbose TRACE output is still available through `POLAR_LOG=trace`. Check out our [documentation](/reference/tooling/tracing.html) for more information on tracing.

Reviewer: Random thought: do we care about casing? since we're referring to the levels as `INFO` and `TRACE` might someone expect that `POLAR_LOG=TRACE` would give them trace output instead of info?

Author: updated to be case agnostic with respect to specifying log levels
